update CLC by Butane config (#269)
flatcar/flatcar-docs: docs/setup/releases/update-strategies.md

The default behavior is `reboot` and results in a reboot with a delay of 5 minutes.

## Reboot strategy options through Butane/Ignition

> The reboot strategy can be set with a special Butane Config section:

Reviewer: I wouldn't say it's "special" any more:
```suggestion
The reboot strategy can be set with the following Butane Config section:
```
